fix(srv): content review and update (#2589)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/back-up-postgresql-barman/index.mdx

### Automatizing Backups

> It is possible to run Barman automatically to back up the content of your database regularly. This can be done easily by setting up a CronJob on `pgsql-backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run Barman automatically to back up the content of your database regularly. This can be done easily by setting up a cron job on `pgsql-backup`.
```

    ```
    crontab -e
    ```

> 3. To run a backup daily at 3:30, add the following line to the crontab and save it:

Reviewer: "crontab" is correct here

> 3. To run a backup daily at 3:30, add the following line to the crontab and save it:

Author: ```suggestion
3. To run a backup daily at 3:30, add the following line to the cron tab and save it:
```
